Wallet requirements added (#11)
Zigurat-blockchain-masters/blockchain-core: docs/Functional Documentation/Functional_Specification.md

#### 1.4 Wallets

**Modules called:**

>    - Crypto functions that generate pk, pubk, and pem 

Reviewer: Shall we clarify terms? For example it might be not clear the difference between `pk` and `pubk`

Author: ```suggestion
   - Crypto functions that generate private key, public key, and pem 

```

**Methods:**
1. Initialization: 
   - Input: -
   - Ouput: pair of private_key and password 
   - Purpose: Creates a pair of private_key and password and saves it locally in a json format

2. send_money: 

>    - Inputs: receiver_pks, msg

Reviewer: What is pks about?

Author: ```suggestion
   - Inputs: receiver_public_keys, msg

```
